# **Container Organization by Service.**

# AWS Orchestration Services.
    Amazon's kubernetes orchestration service is known as Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (EKS).  Like Azure and Google it offers kubernetes in the cloud, but unlike Google it offers hybrid and on-premises orchestration of pods and clusters.  It is also integrated with AWS services that are also on the cloud.  It offers a pay-as-you-go payment system.  Amazon EKS also provides scalability of kubernetes containers as a service.  You can manage your cluster through AWS web consoles.  These seem to be add-ons, however, which differentiates it from the two-tiered system that Google offers.

# Azure (Microsoft) Orchestration Services.
    Microsoft Azure Kubernetes Service (AKS) is Microsoft's service for kubernetes deployment and management.  It also offers on cloud, hybrid, or on-premises deployment of kubernetes software.  Microsoft touts an integrated Constant Integration/Constant Delivery (CI/CD) pipeline with integration with MS visual studio code.  Azure also starts with a free account (basically a 200 dollar credit) but also free services that are evergreen.  After you run through your credit Azure charges they same pay as you go model as AWS EKS and Google GKE.  Azure also provides scalability, security, and failure protection.

# Google Cloud Orchestration Services.

    Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE) was developed specifically for it's early adoption of kubernetes systems for Google Cloud computing.  It has a standard and enterprise edition which provide services like life cycle management, pod/cluster scaling, and cost visibility and optimization, while the enterprise edition offers security, governance, and management of multiple clusters.  GKE also has a tool/service called Autopilot which will automate your cluster and pods, as well as assist in lowering your bill by ensuring you are only paying for each pod that is running.  Along with that Google GKE is a pay-as-you-go or pay for usage model.  They can also support with GPU nodes as well.  You also get access to Google's reliable cloud infrastructure, Google analytics, and other Google cloud services.